>> Kyle Simpson: So I want you to
have some practice working with
data structures that aren't just arrays,
and also thinking about how do I make
my code something that I can model?
And that's EXERCISE 8.
So before I turn you loose on it,
I wanna set your expectation,
I want you to understand
what we're looking at.
So let me pop up exercise eight for you.
>> Kyle Simpson: So first off I want you
to spend a few minutes of this exercise
actually familiarizing yourself
with the stuff that I've provided.
When you open up EX8 you'll notice that
there has been quite a bit already
provided to you.
I provided to you some of our built-in
utilities that we've talked about.
Or when I say built-in, I mean things that
would have been provided by libraries.
I've provided you a curry,
a compose, a pipe, and a binary.
So I've provided those
utilities to you already.
We've already talked about them in this
course, but I just dropped them in so
you can use them.
I've provided you down here
several helpers that you don't need
to go ahead and write yourself.
Cuz you already know how to test for
something odd,
you know how to use reduce to
do a summation across a list.
I did that for you with list sum.
So those are the parts I want you
to think about in this exercise.
In this exercise what I want you to
think about is this code that's going
on up here.
What you'll notice is that I
am calling a filter object,
a map object, and a reduce object utility.
So I'm doing a filter, map and
reduce across an object.
We've already implemented map objects so
I'm giving that one to you.
But I want you to implement
filter object and reduce object.
And moreover, once you've done that,
the second part of this exercise,
this is where the rubber
really meets the road.
Those three separate statements that
exist there, you'll notice some things,
there's actually a quite a bit of
not point-free style going on.
There's a bunch of functions that for
example, line seven is a function where we
get that list, and then it immediately
passes in to some other function.
So I want you to use the concepts that
we've talked about throughout this course
like currying, piping,
restricting things with binary.
Those utilities I provided you here,
curry, compose, pipe, and
binary, you need all four of
those to do this exercise.
And I want you to take
the lines 7 through 17, and
I want you to express them
completely point free.
And it's going to be a bit tricky, so
we're gonna give you some time on this,
but I want you to express
this completely point free.
And what I've provided to you in this
file is all that you need to do that.
So that's the spirit of exercise eight,
relays designed to kind of put a cap stone
on everything we've talked today so far.